welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the me onyx sarkis 320 light you're the
head of the game me onyx dotnet
high-performance microfiber mousepad
this is similar to their aluminum one in
form factor but it is made of cloth hey
a star has been born something-something
model overview special microfiber
surface contracts needle loss to improve
the sense of tracking Pharmacy under
grip is made of natural rubber offering
a firm grip irrespective of the surface
under the mousepad or extensive
movements designed with our surface
quality analyzer tool to be an 8 out of
10 it has excellent tracking with
minimal data loss is suitable for
optical and laser mice has a thickness
of two millimeters which means you're
not going to be constantly rubbing your
wrist on the edge of it which is
actually a problem I have with my
current loss pad and the surface is
uncoated semi-rigid the durable flexible
microfiber greater controlled air
friction dampers the control over the
movements okay
so unlike the aluminum one here which is
more of a smooth experience also two
millimeters thick this guy and Oh has a
surface quality if you've used the
surface quality analyzer tool it's
actually kind of neat and it does work
like I tried sort of messing with it by
putting the mouse on stuff that was just
total crap and I do it and it was
spitting out you know values like one
even though the mouse would work on it
like it's just it knows it's not
accurate enough so this is a 10 this is
an 8 if you like a little bit more
resistance to your movement this will
well resist you a little bit more and
this one is very very smooth however
this is obviously more expensive than a
microfiber mousepad I don't know if I
actually sold on this being exactly two
yeah two millimeters okay they're
rounding a little bit because the
aluminum one is thinner than the
microfiber one there's your natural
rubber bottom which means it's not going
anywhere and in terms of the overall
grip Enis actually that's not that it's
a little bit smoother than than I'd like
I'm using a completely worn out qck at
home and actually like it better worn
out than I did new so I suspect once I
broke in one like this I would have no
problem with it at all the the other
option available to you if you guys are
are interested in it is this Argus 9 I
which is basically I mean they should
just call it thus Argos over 9000 so if
you haven't seen my unboxing on this one
already it's pretty much this except
thicker and like you know huger so I
think that pretty much covers it we've
covered me onix's lineup of minnie mouse
pads including the 900 the 320 and
they're aluminum mouse pad all of which
are well depending on whether you want
an enormous mouse pad a smaller cloth
one or a smaller lumen um one I think
this is the one I'm leaning towards
shouldn't pretty much do it for you
thank you for checking out my unboxing a
first look at the Saugus 320 from me
onyx don't forget to subscribe to Linus
tech tips from our unboxings reviews and
other computer videos and don't forget
perfect option for our mouse for any of
these is the newest 5000 this is the
laser version they've also got the 3200
I've used them quite a bit the OP the
optics the ergonomics are a fair bit
like something like an Akari or a car
laser which are discontinued mice
unfortunate at this point so if you want
something that has that economic shape
this is your option and highly
recommended my wife actually uses a
nails 3200 very satisfied with it